Yusei: NOW LET'S GET UP TO
SPEED WITH "YU-GI-OH 5D'S"!
MC: OH MY WORD!
JACK ATLAS'S DUEL RUNNER
HAS JUST BEEN DECIMATED!
LET'S HOPE
HE'S OKAY.
UNBELIEVABLE!
JACK ATLAS IS ATTEMPTING
TO RIGHT HIS WRECKED RUNNER
ALL BY
HIMSELF!
TEAM UNICORN NEEDS TO
ONLY COMPLETE ONE MORE LAP
WHILE THE
INJURED JACK ATLAS
NEEDS TO ONLY CRAWL
A FEW MORE FEET!
UHH!
AAAH!
MC: HE
DID IT!
NOW MY
PET...
ATTACK
AKIZA DIRECTLY!
SUPER
CHARGER BOLT!
TELL US IT'S
NOT HOPELESS, YUSEI!
IT'S NOT.
AKIZA AND I
HATCHED A SECRET PLAN
BEFORE SHE
WENT OUT.
(THINKING)
COME ON, AKIZA.
JUST WAIT FOR
THE RIGHT MOMENT.
Akiza: GO LEVEL
1 GLOW-UP BULB,
TUNE WITH LEVEL 7
STAR SIPHON TOKEN!
NO WAY!
IS IT...?
THIS ONE'S
FOR YOU, YUSEI!
I SYNCHRO SUMMON
THE STARDUST DRAGON!
♪
IMPOSSIBLE!
STARDUST
DRAGON?
GO,
THUNDER UNICORN!
ATTACK WITH
SUPER CHARGER BOLT!
AAH!
I ACTIVATE THE EFFECT
OF SPEED WORLD 2!
NOW BY REMOVING
FOUR SPEED COUNTERS,
FOR EVERY SPEED
SPELL IN MY HAND,
YOU TAKE 800
POINTS OF DAMAGE!
AND THAT'S JUST ENOUGH
TO FINISH YOU OFF, SO--
I ACTIVATE THE
TRAP WICKED REBIRTH!
WHAT?
NOW BY PAYING
800 LIFE POINTS
I CAN REVIVE A SYNCHRO
MONSTER FROM MY GRAVEYARD.
RETURN TO
THE FIELD...!
STARDUST
DRAGON!
(ANDRE THINKING) SHE TRICKED
ME INTO USING MY SPEED COUNTERS
AND SET THE
STAGE FOR YUSEI
WITH THAT STARDUST
DRAGON AT THE SAME TIME.
TALK ABOUT TAKING
ONE FOR THE TEAM.
Akiza: I'M
SORRY, YUSEI.
I TRIED MY VERY BEST,
BUT I FAILED YOU.
Bruno: HOW COULD
YOU HAVE FAILED?
WE HAVEN'T LOST
ANYTHING YET!
Yusei: AND THANKS TO
YOUR SACRIFICE, AKIZA,
WE'RE NOT GONNA
BE LOSING, EITHER.
♪
♪ GOING FAST
MAKES ME FEEL ALIVE ♪
♪ MY HEART BEATS
IN HYPER DRIVE ♪
♪ DO YOU THINK
YOU CAN WIN? ♪
♪ ONLY
IF I LOSE ♪
♪ JUST LET
DESTINY CHOOSE ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR
YOU BREATHING ♪
♪ I CAN SEE
YOU COMING ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND,
IT'S BLOWING ME AROUND ♪
♪ TAKE A SHOT AT ME
RUNNIN' SIDE BY SIDE ♪
♪ IT'S A BLUR
AS I GO BY ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR
YOU BREATHING ♪
♪ I CAN SEE
YOU COMING ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND,
IT'S BLOWING ME AROUND ♪
♪ SEE THE
SUN A-RISIN' ♪
♪ FIRE IN
THE SKY ♪
♪ GREATNESS THRUSTS
ITSELF INTO OUR LIVES ♪
♪
MC: TEAM 5D'S, WHO
STARTED THIS TOURNAMENT
AS ONE OF ITS
TOP CONTENDERS
IS NOW TEETERING ON
THE EDGE OF ELIMINATION!
IS IT CONCEIVABLE THAT THEY
COULD COME UP WITH A COMEBACK?
THAT'S THE QUESTION DUELISTS
AND DUEL DEVOTEES ARE ASKING!
HOWEVER, THE ANSWER
TO THAT INTRIGUING QUERY
IS FAR FROM
FIGURED OUT!
AFTER ALL, EVEN THOUGH
YUSEI HAS INHERITED
SPEED COUNTERS AND CARDS
FROM HIS TEAMMATE, AKIZA,
AND EVEN THOUGH HE HAS
HIS MOST MENACING MONSTER,
THE STARDUST DRAGON,
OUT ON THE FIELD,
HE'S STILL JUST ONE DUELIST
WHO WILL HAVE TO DEFEAT THREE
IN ORDER TO WRANGLE THE
WIN AWAY FROM TEAM UNICORN!
TALK ABOUT A
TOUGH ROW TO HOE!
HERE YA GO,
AKIZA...
THANKS.
I'M SORRY I
COULDN'T DO BETTER.
IT WAS
TOUGH.
EVERY MOVE I MADE
ANDRE HAD A COUNTER FOR.
IT WAS ALL I COULD
DO TO KEEP YUSEI'S
STARDUST DRAGON
OUT ON THE FIELD.
I KNOW THAT YOU
ALL TOOK A BIG CHANCE
LETTING ME
ON THE TEAM.
AND I KNOW HOW
MUCH YOU GUYS ALL WANT
TO WIN THIS
GRAND PRIX.
I WASN'T
READY.
YOU'RE RIGHT,
YOU WEREN'T READY
BUT LEMME FILL YOU IN
ON A LITTLE SECRET...
ME, JACK
AND EVEN YUSEI
AREN'T READY FOR THIS
GRAND PRIX TOURNEY EITHER!
THE FACT IS, NO DUELIST
IN THIS CONTEST IS READY.
IT'S BRAND-NEW
TO EVERYONE SO
WE'RE ALL JUST
LEARNING AS WE GO!
NOW, C'MON, LET'S
GO CHEER ON YUSEI!
♪
YOU CAN DO
IT, YUSEI!
GET
HIM!
MC: ANDRE OF TEAM UNICORN
HAS 1300 LIFE POINTS LEFT,
BUT WAITING IN THE
WINGS ARE BREO AND JEAN
WITH 8000 LIFE POINTS
READY IN RESERVES!
I'M NO MAGICIAN AT MATH BUT
ACCORDING TO MY CALCULATIONS
THAT MEANS FOR TEAM
5D'S TO FINISH FIRST,
YUSEI NEEDS TO KNOCK OFF
A TOTAL OF 9300 POINTS,
POSSIBLE BUT BY
NO MEANS ELEMENTARY!
(YAWN) I HAVE TO ADMIT,
I'M A LITTLE DISAPPOINTED
IN TEAM 5D'S.
I WAS HOPING THEY'D PUT
UP A BIT MORE OF A FIGHT.
I KNOW WHAT
YOU MEAN, BREO,
IT'S BEEN AMATEUR
HOUR FROM THE GET GO
BUT I WILL
GIVE THEM THIS:
WE WASTED
FOUR SPEED COUNTERS
DURING THAT
LAST MATCH-UP
YET
STILL,
AKIZA SOMEHOW
MANAGED TO KEEP
THAT PESKY STARDUST
DRAGON OUT ON THE FIELD.
QUESTION IS,
CAN YUSEI TAKE
ADVANTAGE OF IT
OR WILL HE
CRASH AND BURN?
IT'S TIME
TO FIND OUT!
IT'S MY
TURN, ANDRE!
FIRST I SUMMON
OUT MAX WARRIOR!
♪
AND NEXT I'LL HAVE
MY STARDUST DRAGON
ATTACK
THUNDER UNICORN!
(ROARS)
(GRUNTS)
NOW GO,
MAX WARRIOR!
DIRECT
ATTACK!
MC: OH MY! WHAT A
FLURRY OF FEROCIOUS ATTACKS!
AND THIS ONE'S
AIMED RIGHT AT ANDRE!
IF THIS CONNECTS, COUNT
THIS AS A WIN FOR YUSEI!
HE'S
GONNA DO IT!
ALRIGHT, WE'RE ABOUT
TO BE BACK IN THIS MATCH!
SORRY BUT DURING THE
BATTLE PHASE OF THE TURN
IN WHICH THUNDER
UNICORN IS DESTROYED,
I CAN SUMMON IT
BACK IN ATTACK MODE
AS LONG I REMOVE HIM
FROM PLAY AFTER COMBAT.
WHOA, DID YOU
KNOW THUNDER UNICORN
HAD THAT
SPECIAL ABILITY?
YEAH,
NOW.
Crow: IT'LL
BE ALRIGHT...
YUSEI'S MONSTER'S HAS A NIFTY
SPECIAL ABILITY OF HIS OWN.
WHEN MAX WARRIOR
ATTACKS YOUR MONSTER THEN,
DURING THE
DAMAGE STEP,
HE GAINS 400
ATTACK POINTS!
AND THE DAMAGE
STEP BEGINS NOW!
I GUESS TO
OUTMANEUVER YUSEI
WE'LL HAVE TO START USING SOME
OF OUR MORE ADVANCED TACTICS.
YES,
INDEED...
IT COST HIM A
MONSTER BUT HE'S
GOTTEN RID OF
THUNDER UNICORN FOR GOOD.
I PLACE ONE CARD
FACEDOWN AND END MY TURN.
MC: TEAM 5D'S IS
FINALLY FIGHTING BACK
AND THE CROWD
IS GOING CRAZY!
AFTER ALL, WITH ANDRE
MOMENTARILY OUT OF MONSTERS
AND YUSEI STANDING
TALL WITH STARDUST DRAGON,
TEAM 5D'S MAY HAVE JUST
STOLEN THIS MATCH'S MOMENTUM!
BUT CAN THEY
HOLD ON TO IT?
IT'S MY
TURN NOW!
(THINKING) ANDRE'S
STARTING TO RACK UP
THOSE SPEED
COUNTERS AGAIN.
AND THAT'S BAD
NEWS SEEING AS HOW
HE STILL HAS A
CERTAIN CARD IN HIS HAND.
I KNOW THAT LOOK,
YUSEI'S WORRIED ABOUT
THAT END OF
THE STORM SPELL.
END OF THE
STORM HAS THE POWER
TO CHANGE THE COURSE
OF THIS ENTIRE DUEL.
'CAUSE IF ANDRE
USES IT, IT'LL DESTROY
ALL THE MONSTERS
ON THE FIELD,
THEN FOR EVERY
MONSTER THAT'S DESTROYED
THE OWNER OF THAT
MONSTER WILL TAKE DAMAGE
TO THE TUNE
OF 300 POINTS.
WAIT BUT
YUSEI'S THE ONLY ONE
WITH A MONSTER ON
THE FIELD RIGHT NOW!
SO HE'D BE THE ONLY
ONE TO TAKE DAMAGE!
ABOUT THOSE ADVANCED
TACTICS WE WERE SPEAKING OF,
I SAY WE START
UNVEILING THEM.
IT'S TIME TO
SHOW THE WORLD
IF YOU MESS
WITH TEAM UNICORN
YOU GET
THE HORN,
AND WHO BETTER TO
DEMONSTRATE THAT ON
THAN YUSEI FUDO.
♪
(THINKING) AS MUCH AS I'D
LOVE TO TAKE YUSEI FUDO OUT
ALL BY MYSELF, THE
TEAM MUST COME FIRST.
I PLACE TWO CARDS
FACEDOWN AND END MY TURN!
SAY WHAT?
MC: WHOA! I CERTAINLY
DIDN'T SEE THAT COMING!
ANDRE ENDS THE ROUND
NOT WITH DESTRUCTION
BUT WITH A DUO
OF FACEDOWNS!
Akiza: AND THOSE WERE
THE ONLY CARDS IN HIS HAND...
Crow: THEN YA KNOW
WHAT THAT MEANS,
OUTTA THE TWO,
ONE OF THEM IS
DEFINITELY
END OF THE STORM!
SO YUSEI CAN
STILL WIN THIS!
YEAH, HE JUST
HAS TO HAVE
STARDUST DRAGON
MAKE A DIRECT ATTACK!
I DON'T THINK IT'S
GONNA BE QUITE THAT EASY.
(THINKING) WAIT A
MINUTE, IF ANDRE ISN'T
GOING TO USE END
OF THE STORM HIMSELF,
HE MUST BE PLANNING FOR ONE
OF HIS TEAMMATES TO USE IT,
AND THAT WOULD
MEAN INSTEAD OF JUST
SHAVING AWAY SOME OF
MY LIFE POINTS WITH IT,
TEAM UNICORN WANTS TO WAIT
UNTIL JUST THE RIGHT MOMENT
AND USE IT TO
FINISH ME OFF FOR GOOD!
I CAN'T LET
THAT HAPPEN!
MY DRAW!
I PLAY
CARD BREAKER,
BUT BEFORE I CAN SUMMON
HIM OUT IN ATTACK MODE,
I HAVE TO CLEAR
THE WAY FOR HIM.
AND THAT
MEANS DESTROYING
ONE SPELL OR TRAP
CARD ON THE FIELD!
(THINKING) THE CARD
I NEED TO DESTROY HERE
HAS TO BE END
OF THE STORM.
SO I'D BETTER
PICK CORRECTLY
OR END OF THE STORM IS
GONNA END UP DESTROYING ME.
HERE GOES.
I CHOOSE THE CARD
ON THE RIGHT!
♪
YUSEI DID IT, THAT'S
THE END OF END OF THE STORM!
RIGHT AND THE NEW
FORECAST CALLS FOR
YUSEI KICKING
SOME MAJOR BUTT.
GO GET
HIM, YUSEI!
ALRIGHT!
I'LL BETCHA THAT ANDRE
NEVER SAW THAT COMING!
(HUMS)
SORRY YUSEI, BUT
I SAW THAT COMING
SO NOW SOMETHING'S
COMING YOUR WAY.
WHAT?
AND IT WON'T BE
SOMETHING YOU LIKE.
SEE, YUSEI,
IN A TAG TEAM DUEL
WHEN YOU'RE UP THREE
TO ONE, WELL THEN...
WELL
THEN WHAT?
THEN YOU CAN AFFORD
A FEW CASUALTIES.
AFTER ALL, BETWEEN
THE THREE OF US,
WE HAVE LIFE
POINTS TO SPARE
WHILE YOU ON
THE OTHER HAND
HAVE ONLY A
PRECIOUS FEW!
I ACTIVATE
MAGIC CHARGE!
THANKS TO
THIS TRAP,
IF A SPELL CARD ON
MY FIELD IS DESTROYED
DUE TO ONE OF
YOUR CARD'S EFFECTS,
THEN WE'RE BOTH DEALT
2000 POINTS OF DAMAGE!
♪
(BOTH GROANING)
All: YUSEI, NO!
MC: TALK ABOUT
TAKING ONE FOR THE TEAM!
IN AN ACT OF
SENSATIONAL SELF-SACRIFICE,
ANDRE TRIGGERED
A TRAP THAT TOOK HIM
OUT OF THE CONTEST
BUT AT THE SAME TIME
HAMMERED
YUSEI'S LIFE POINTS
SO THAT ONLY HALF OF
HIS ORIGINAL 4000 REMAIN!
THAT'S WHY ANDRE DIDN'T
PLAY END OF THE STORM,
IT WAS MORE
EFFECTIVE AS BAIT!
RIGHT--BY PLACING
IT DOWN ON THE FIELD
HE KNEW THAT YUSEI
WOULD TRY AND DESTROY IT
AND THEN HE'D
BE ABLE TO PLAY
WHAT HE REALLY
WANTED, MAGIC CHARGE.
YOU'VE GOTTA
HAND IT TO HIM,
IT WAS A PRETTY
CLEVER STRATEGY
AND THE WORST
PART IS NOW THAT
ANDRE'S LIFE
POINTS HAVE HIT ZERO.
THE BATTLE PHASE SKIPS
AND YUSEI'S TURN IS OVER.
THEY'RE GOOD.
TAKING OUT
JACK, AND AKIZA
AND LOWERING YUSEI'S
LIFE POINTS BY HALF?
AND THAT WAS ALL WITH
THEIR FIRST DUELIST.
MAKES YA WONDER
WHAT TEAM UNICORN
HAS UP THEIR
SLEEVE FOR ROUND TWO.
♪
ALRIGHT, BREO,
LOOKS LIKE YOU'RE UP NOW.
RIGHT! DON'T
WORRY ABOUT A THING!
REMEMBER, IT'S NOT JUST
ABOUT WINNING OUT THERE,
IT'S ABOUT
MAKING A STATEMENT.
OH, DON'T YOU
WORRY, JEAN.
I'LL MAKE A
STATEMENT ALRIGHT.
THAT TEAM
UNICORN IS THE BEST!
YOU KNOW, I ALMOST
FEEL BAD FOR POOR YUSEI.
I KNOW
WHAT YOU MEAN.
PEOPLE REALLY DO LOOK
UP TO HIM AROUND HERE.
YEAH, NOW IN FRONT OF HIS
HOMETOWN AND THE WHOLE WORLD.
HE'LL BE
BEATEN, EMBARRASSED
AND TOSSED FROM
THE GRAND PRIX.
MC: DUEL FANS, THE FIELD
HAS BEEN LEVELED A LITTLE
BUT YUSEI'S LIFE POINTS
HAVE BEEN LEVELED A LOT!
WILL BREO OF TEAM UNICORN
DELIVER DEFEAT TO TEAM 5D'S?
WE'RE ABOUT
TO FIND OUT!
♪
YUSEI...(GROANS)
EASY,
JACK...
JUST
REST...
DON'T WORRY
YOURSELF ABOUT THE DUEL,
YUSEI HAS IT
ALL UNDER CONTROL.
I HOPE.
AH, THE ROAR OF THE CROWD,
THE LIGHTS AND THE CAMERAS,
THE GLITZ,
THE GLAMOUR.
YA KNOW, A DUELIST COULD REALLY
GET USED TO THIS SORT OF THING.
ALMOST MAKES ME FEEL
LIKE SOME KIND OF STAR.
(GASPS)
ALMOST...BUT I'M
PART OF SOMETHING
EVEN BIGGER
THAN THAT NOW.
I'M PART OF
TEAM UNICORN!
AND NOW I'M GOING
TO DO MY PART!
IT'S
MY TURN!
BAD NEWS, GUYS, TEAM
UNICORN'S SPEED COUNTERS
HAVE REACHED
THEIR MAX.
RIGHT, NOW BREO CAN USE ALL
THE SPEED SPELLS HE WANTS.
YUSEI BETTER
BE CAREFUL.
HEY, BRUNO,
WHAT TYPE OF DECK
DOES BREO USUALLY
DUEL WITH ANYHOW?
IT'S FUNNY
YOU SHOULD ASK,
I WAS JUST WONDERING
THE SAME THING MYSELF.
WHADAYA MEAN
YOU WERE WONDERING,
DONTCHA HAVE
ANY DATA ON HIM?
EASY, LEO, IT'S NOT
LIKE I HAVEN'T BEEN LOOKING.
IT'S JUST UP
UNTIL NOW ANDRE'S
ALWAYS DEFEATED
ALL TEAM UNICORN'S
OPPONENTS
BY HIMSELF.
SO THE OTHER TWO GUYS
HAVE NO BATTLE INFO!
Leo and Luna: NO WAY!
WAIT.
IF ANDRE'S ALWAYS DONE ALL
THE DUELING FOR TEAM UNICORN,
THEN COULD THAT MEAN THAT THE
OTHER TWO GUYS AREN'T ANY GOOD?
YEAH--MAYBE!
GOOD CALL, LUNA!
MAYBE YUSEI'S NOT IN AS
BAD A SPOT AS WE THOUGHT!
(LEO AND LUNA LAUGH)
(THINKING) ALRIGHT, TIME
TO SEE WHAT THIS GUY'S GOT.
FOR MY FIRST
MOVE I SUMMON
THE TUNER MONSTER BICORN
RE'EM IN DEFENSE MODE!
♪
(ROARS)
(THINKING)
A TUNER?
IS HE PLANNING FOR
A SYNCHRO SUMMON?
NEXT I'LL THROW TWO
FACEDOWNS AND END MY TURN!
WHAT?
WHY IS HE JUST
PLAYING DEFENSE?
WHO KNOWS BUT I
DO KNOW NEXT TURN
YUSEI'S SPEED COUNTER
TALLY WILL BE UP...
AND THAT PUTS HIM IN
A WAY BETTER POSITION
THAN HE'S
IN RIGHT NOW!
IT'S
MY DRAW!
(THINKING) WITH JUST
2000 LIFE POINTS LEFT,
ONE FALSE MOVE AND
THIS DUEL COULD BE OVER.
IT'S ALMOST CUTE THE
WAY HE'S STILL TRYING.
POOR GUY.
(THINKING) BUT I CAN'T
AFFORD TO PLAY IT SAFE.
I NEED TO GO DUEL
WITHOUT ANY FEAR.
I NEED TO
REV IT UP!
I SUMMON DASH
WARRIOR IN ATTACK MODE!
♪
NOW GO!
ATTACK BICORN RE'EM
WITH ALL YOUR MIGHT.
AND SINCE DASH
WARRIOR'S ATTACK POINTS
ARE TRIPLED DURING
THE BATTLE PHASE,
IT'LL BE
THRICE THE MIGHT!
NOT IF I PLAY MY
FACEDOWN, IT WON'T!
GO NEGATE
ATTACK!
♪
(GRUNTS)
(THINKING) PLAYING NEGATE
ATTACK TO SAVE THAT BICORN
CAN ONLY
MEAN ONE THING.
BREO'S GOT BIG
THINGS PLANNED FOR IT.
SYNCHRO-SIZED BIG.
THE QUESTION IS: SHOULD I
USE SPEED WORLD 2'S EFFECT
AND DESTROY THAT MONSTER BEFORE
IT BECOMES A BIGGER PROBLEM,
OR WAIT FOR
BREO TO SUMMON
WHATEVER IT IS
HE'S SCHEMING UP
AND DEAL
WITH IT THEN.
YUSEI SURE IS
TAKING HIS TIME
THINKING THINGS OVER
THIS TURN, EH, JEAN?
YUSEI CAN THINK FOR
AS LONG AS HE LIKES
BUT THE SAD
TRUTH OF IT
IS HE'S JUST
GRINDING HIS GEARS.
THERE'S NOT A
MOVE HE CAN MAKE
THAT'LL CHANGE THE
OUTCOME OF THIS DUEL.
HE TRIED ATTACKING
AND WHERE'D THAT GET HIM?
HE'S RUNNING
OUT OF OPTIONS.
I SWITCH CARD BREAKER INTO
DEFENSE MODE AND END MY TURN.
YOU SEE, IT'S
EXACTLY LIKE I SAID,
HE HAS NO MOVES TO MAKE,
WE'VE BACKED HIM IN A CORNER
AND NOW IT'S ALL HE CAN
DO TO JUST PROTECT HIMSELF.
NOW,
IT'S MY TURN.
FIRST I
SUMMON MINE MOLE!
♪
AND NEXT I'LL TUNE LEVEL 4
BICORN RE'EM WITH MINE MOLE
TO SYNCHRO
SUMMON...
(ROARS)
I KNEW IT WAS COMING, BUT
NOW TO FIND OUT WHAT IT IS.
Breo: WATCH AS THE
STORM CLOUDS GIVE WAY
TO A STAMPEDE
OF ROLLING THUNDER!
NOW I SUMMON
VOLTIC BICORN!
♪
Duel runner computer:
VOLTIC BICORN IS A LEVEL 7
BEAST-TYPE
MONSTER
WITH 2500 ATTACK POINTS
AND 2000 DEFENSE POINTS.
NOW SINCE BICORN RE'EM
WAS USED AS SYNCHRO MATERIAL
TWO CARDS IN YOUR DECK ARE
NOW BANISHED TO THE GRAVEYARD!
♪
GUESS IT'S SO
LONG TO THESE TWO.
AND SINCE MINE
MOLE WAS USED
TO SYNCHRO SUMMON
A BEAST-TYPE MONSTER
I NOW GET TO DRAW
ONE CARD FROM MY DECK.
NOT TO FREAK
YOU GUYS OUT BUT
THAT THING HAS AS
MANY ATTACK POINTS
AS STARDUST DRAGON.
SO MUCH FOR THIS
GUY NOT BEING GOOD!
YEAH, BUT ATTACK POINTS
MAY NOT EVEN MATTER,
IT'S POSSIBLE BREO
WILL USE SPEED WORLD 2
TO DESTROY STARDUST
RIGHT HERE AND NOW!
THEN IT ALL COMES
DOWN TO HIS NEXT MOVE!
WELL DONE, BREO.
TEAM UNICORN HAS
NEARLY TRAMPLED TEAM 5D'S
INTO COMPLETE
SUBMISSION.
NOW JUST ONE
THING REMAINS.
(THINKING) AND IT'S THE ONE
THING I'VE BEEN TRAINING FOR
EVER SINCE
I JOINED THIS TEAM.
AND THE ONE THING YUSEI
WILL NEVER SEE COMING!
♪
(THINKING) WINNING
THIS IS A NO-BRAINER.
THE
OBVIOUS MOVE.
GO! VOLTIC BICORN
ATTACK AND DESTROY!
AND A FEW
YEARS AGO.
THAT'S JUST THE
MOVE I WOULD'VE MADE.
BUT, I'VE CHANGED A
LOT SINCE BACK THEN.
♪
GO!
INFERNAL DRAGON,
DIRECT ATTACK!
♪
Breo: THEY CALLED ME
THE BARON OF THE BACKROADS
AND NO ONE COULD
TOUCH ME IN A DUEL.
I WAS A STAR,
A BIG SHOT, A WINNER.
AND EVERYBODY
ALWAYS LOVES A WINNER.
(CHEERING THEN STOPPING)
BABE!
SUPER DUELING!
YOU WON THAT FOR ME,
RIGHT, STUD MUFFIN?
YOU KNOW IT,
BABY-CAKES.
NOW LET'S GO
HIT THE CLUBS.
Breo: I THOUGHT
I KNEW EVERYTHING
AND COULD
DO ANYTHING.
BUT THEN I MET
JEAN AND ANDRE.
♪
Breo: HEY!
EVER HEAR OF THE
BARON OF THE BACKROADS?
WELL, I'M HIM AND
THESE ARE MY ROADS.
IS THAT SO--WELL,
TELL ME, MR. BARON,
WHAT MAKES
THEM YOUR ROADS?
ACTUALLY, I THINK
I HAVE A BETTER IDEA--
INSTEAD OF
TELLING YOU
HOW ABOUT YOU HOP ON
THAT RUNNER YOU GOT THERE
AND I SHOW
YOU IN A DUEL?
♪
ALRIGHT--YOU'VE
GOT YOURSELF A DEAL.
♪
BREO,
MAKE THIS QUICK--
I TOTALLY NEED
A SMOOTHIE FIX!
DON'T YOU
WORRY, HOTCAKES!
(CRIES OUT)
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
Breo: AFTER THAT
DUEL I REALIZED
I COULDN'T
DO EVERYTHING
AND I DIDN'T KNOW
NEARLY AS MUCH AS I THOUGHT.
♪
HEY.
YOU LOOKED REALLY
GOOD OUT THERE!
BUT I GOTTA SAY,
YOU'D LOOK EVEN BETTER
WITH ME
ON YOUR ARM.
♪
NO THANKS--I'M NOT ONE
FOR CHEAP ACCESSORIES.
(GASPS)
HOW DARE YOU!
YOUR LOSS!
♪
YEAH, YEAH,
GO ON AND SAY IT.
I'M A BIG
LOSER, RIGHT?
THE BARON
OF BUFFOONS,
THE BLOCKHEAD
OF THE BACKROADS.
GO AHEAD,
I DESERVE IT.
ACTUALLY, I JUST THOUGHT
WE'D INTRODUCE OURSELVES.
THIS HERE'S MY TEAMMATE
ANDRE AND I'M JEAN.
NICE TO
MEET YOU.
WE'RE LOOKING FOR A THIRD
DUELIST TO JOIN OUR TEAM
AND YOU HAVE
SOME SKILLS.
WHAT DO YOU SAY,
INTERESTED?
TEAM? NO WAY, MAN,
THAT'S NOT MY STYLE.
I DUEL BY MYSELF
AND FOR MYSELF
AND THAT'S THE
WAY I LIKE IT.
REALLY, YOU LIKE IT WHEN
YOUR FRIENDS COME AND GO
DEPENDING ON IF
YOU WIN OR LOSE?
WHAT WE'RE OFFERING
YOU IS A CHANCE TO BE
PART OF
SOMETHING BIGGER.
SOMETHING BIGGER THAN
YOU OR ANY ONE PERSON.
THAT'S
RIGHT.
SOMETHING WHERE THE JOYS
OF DUELING CAN BE SHARED
AND THAT HELPS HEAL
THE STINGS OF DEFEAT.
WE'RE ASKING YOU TO
BE PART OF TEAM UNICORN.
SO HOW
ABOUT IT?
♪
(THINKING) I USED TO
DUEL JUST FOR MYSELF
BUT NOW I DUEL
FOR THE TEAM.
AND THAT'S WHY I'M NOT
GOING TO MAKE THE OBVIOUS MOVE
AND ATTACK WITH
VOLTIC BICORN.
THAT WOULD
BE THE OLD ME.
THE NEW ME,
ON THE OTHER HAND...
ACTIVATES THE EFFECT
OF SPEED WORLD 2!
HERE IT
COMES.
NOW BY REMOVING
10 SPEED COUNTERS
I CAN DESTROY
ONE CARD ON THE FIELD
AND THE CARD I
CHOOSE TO DESTROY
IS ONE
OF MY OWN!
VOLTIC
BICORN!
Yusei:
WHAT?
WAIT--HE DIDN'T
PICK STARDUST DRAGON?
WHY WOULD HE DESTROY
HIS OWN MONSTER?
I THINK WE'RE
ABOUT TO FIND OUT!
(NEIGHING)
SEE, YUSEI, WHEN
VOLTIC BICORN IS DESTROYED,
WE EACH MUST THEN
TAKE HOWEVER MANY CARDS
ARE EQUAL
TO HIS LEVEL
AND THEN BANISH THOSE CARDS
STRAIGHT TO THE GRAVEYARD!
BICORN'S LEVEL
7 SO YOU LOSE
SEVEN CARDS
FROM YOUR DECK!
UH-OH, I'M
STARTING TO RUN LOW.
♪
WAIT
A SEC.
THAT'S
THEIR PLAN!
THEN IT'S WORSE THAN
WE EVEN IMAGINED!
SOUNDS LIKE THEY
FINALLY KNOW WHAT'S UP.
UNFORTUNATELY
FOR THEM,
IT'S FAR TOO LATE TO
DO ANYTHING ABOUT IT.
AFTER ALL, WHAT GOOD ARE
DUEL TACTICS AND STRATEGIES
WHEN YOU DON'T HAVE ANY
CARDS LEFT IN YOUR DECK
TO IMPLEMENT
ANY OF THEM?
Andre and Breo:
SORRY, YUSEI.
BUT YOU'RE ABOUT TO
BE OUT OF DUEL AMMO!
AND WE'VE
GOT A FULL DECK!
(JEAN, ANDRE,
AND BREO LAUGH)